is this is the carnival cry program and
portal carnival of sao paulo point
com
in the case of sheds 2014 one of the
boats is the
omd of the faithful hawks that in this
Carnival of 2014 will talk about ronaldo
the real flight of the phenomenon and the carnival
it is the zico sound that is returning to
hawks of the faithful the traffic is to work
in 2009 11 the hawks wanting from manaus
and parintins not everyone knows here
in the carnival of São Paulo and I recorded again
the comedic board scene to do this
homage to ronaldo and it sure will
be a great tribute to ronaldo is
very beautiful in the great carnival is
imposing we talk a lot actually
first sure make this
worthy homage to ronaldinho diego
always nominal to the hawks of the faithful 2014
School is very excited about school.
the plot and not only that the board
The presidency is investing in this
carnival because we are following
pictures of the shed being made
the exquisite workmanship
We're careful every time
Carnival detail this year we the
each different carnival with certainty
The cars are grandiose and the
many parts outside cares about the
progress with the whole rush and with
certainty by clinging to details making the
most exquisite workmanship with certainty
which is the mind's conception of the plot of the
gals footprint carnival the people
you're making a big
carnival with the team is there is
henrique fontenelle pushes and button
also responsible for two cars that the
Diego is also chubby and three
people two heads making decoration
of carnival and 2014 scale of four 10
of the hawks né
igor on the fantasy page coordinating
all production part super tempo
good
he is running running to let
everything ready to make a big
carnival
now what we can follow
So, whoever is at home will not veto
have notion of finishing the type of
material they are using but the
people are here in the shed accompanying
we see it's a great carnival
huh
for sure this stone in the carnival
people started the project was already 0
use
we wanted to invest news bring
news every year that passes people
sure people want to innovate and
bring new ideas new new textures
new theaters and we are
holding onto it never voice and other
out of 14
we will have a guest the function of
front will have a giant surprise to
people
the investment that was studied with
Caution would be that otherwise it would
a certain understanding of the coach
together with the board of trustees
carnival together with the commission
front commission is that through the
helena
we sat down and we reached a consensus
and that's a point we have other
also classes that did not suit each
sector will have a shock will have a
surprise allegorical car that we will
To drive us every each
detail of the carnival in the parade
Let's have surprise or news with
Great, I want to congratulate you
for work was being a job
very nice and so to the hawks of the faithful to
People see that there is blood in their eyes.
to snatch and the champion's cup
2014 carnival
We 're running into this with
sure is what was waiting for us to raise
this cup
why not with the face that always took
tarsus up in the games of bowls
football in the field ronaldo phenomenon with
It sure will bring us this cup.
We're together to do this too.
tribute to him and he certainly gives
bring this victory to people who are
a guy who has always been dominated and
We're going to have to fight for
get this cup to bring this
rate for hawks of the faithful by faithful
fan
for us was champion celebrate with
big expensive phenomenon that is the people
Brazilian company that undoubtedly
big secret for us too
of the great and faithful Corinthian
in the carnival paulistano a world horse
to everyone, right?
is the following almost two missing
weeks for hawks to enter the avenue
How is the shed schedule?
all right inside your time
So some of us are with
difficulty in terms of space and
people are now in the finishing part
and I hope we do with certainty
now only the finish we're running
putting more people to do a talking
that is 90 and a few percent to 25
percent but 10% is quite something that
I have to have today for sure more
people are focusing on distributing more
things may come in the open
next to arrive in the good book to us
I was ready for us chases
make my short finishes last
We will take things to the school to
play in the water to learn
Little merry little carnival
Little does not spike in height right?
underbelly always makes the big game
all players know little people
Makes carnival gigantic good, congratulations
infection for your work and let's
wait and the hawks that makes a gorgeous
Carnival in 2014 left a message there for
Galley during carnival importing
São Paulo channel as much as we come
with a great carnival can be sure
You all are carnival lovers.
all Corinthians
the people who love the carnival
paulistano lovers is the one who loves
really the story of the phenomenon who
like rhythm samba can be sure
it's going to be a great carnival one
great homage to ronaldo phenomenon
a great homage to the hawks of the faithful
this force we know it is
imposing time of the paulistano carnival
We are going to take this carnival with
sure to the avenue to be champion
to run back to embrace with the
phenomenon
this rate people run that's it people
go for it
We are certainly together with you.
guard and we are also waiting for you
twist pose for people to give this force
to carry more energy out of love
of passion for carnival
by the Corinthians and the
hawks of the faithful
the carnival cry portal carnival of
sao paulo port com.br warming up
tambourines for the carnival of 2014 although